So hello everyone.
So welcome to the continuation of our previous lesson.
Now.
We will be working with the text to.
So to do that, I'm going to have to select the text and then I'm going to type.
Let me see what we have.
Mobile.
So mobile.
So mobile, let them see the phones type.
The phone type is normal.
You need to know more.
We need to know more.
So let me change it to normal.
If you don't have.
No, I'm going to use regular.
So I use regular.
So this symbol, this is so let me use semi board.
Okay, so that we have some consistency.
So I'm going to change it to semi boat.
Okay.
And then this is more the color is okay.
So.
I can just use this.
Okay.
Control C.
Control V.
And bring it to you.
And I'm going to change.
They should change its color.
And I can see why it's not sodium just undo controls that's on the.
Okay.
So let me just control V, then I'm going to move it here.
Then let me change its color to a gray color.
So let's use the gray color.
So let's see.
The takes is regular.
Okay, so let's do it at regular.
And then I'm going to change them.
See, this font size is 20, so I change this to 20.
So you see.
Okay.
And this is 16.
So let me bring this here, then I'm going to change it.
Let's give it any number.
So plus two, three, three.
Let's use any number of our choice.
So this.
Okay, so any dummy number.
But let me align this.
So once it starts just behind this.
So just behind this.
So I'm going to bring you here and then I'm going to also bring this here.
Okay.
Now let's work.
So first let me take this up a bit.
So name what selects and then use the hierarchy to take it up.
So this is okay, the distance here.
So change for searching for is okay.
And then let me just bring this here.
Let's see.
So here.
Okay.
So for me, I would want my icon to be here.
Okay, so I'm going to move this icon here and then let me see here.
So we have two icons.
So I'm going to resize them which resize this.
So while holding an all shift, I'm going to resize it.
Okay.
So this is okay.
So I'll drink it here and then I'll do the same for the phone.
It should be a phone.
Okay, so a phone.
So let's resize it.
Let's.
So first let me check you say so 36 and this one is 36.
Let me make it touch the edge.
So select it and then make it touch the red ruler.
Okay.
So that's okay.
It's okay.
And then let me check the heights.
So I want them to be in the same height as the mobile.
So I'm going to take it down so that.
So you are going to go down.
Okay.
And then see what we have here.
So this.
Okay, so what is left is just for us to control, see, duplicates or this.
Okay, so we'll do that.
One, two, three, four, five, five times.
Okay.
So let's do that in the next lesson.
So listen.
Thank you.